Add CI to release App (#31)
mattermost/mattermost-app-zendesk: README.md

            1. Ex. `https://https://testing.ngrok.io`
    1. `ZD_CLIENT_SECRET` - (will be set later in the setup)
1. Start the node server

>     1. `make watch` - (to monitor typescriopt errors and watch chaning files errors)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. `make watch` - (to monitor typescript errors and watch changing files errors)
```

Reviewer: I fixed this with latest merge to master conflict.
